First class bounding boxes (#646)
scalableminds/webknossos-libs: webknossos/Changelog.md

[Commits](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos-libs/compare/v0.9.9...HEAD)

### Breaking Changes
- The annotation class now exposes bounding objects instead of tuples. [#646](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos-libs/pull/646)

### Added

> - The bounding box class now supports the following additional properties: `id`, `name`, `is_visible` and `color'. [#646](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos-libs/pull/646)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `BoundingBox` class now supports the following additional properties: `id`, `name`, `is_visible` and `color'. [#646](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos-libs/pull/646)
```
